{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	The structure of GLOWCAD is simple to navigate (Figure 1). Within the GLOWCAD spreadsheet, all the woody tissue C data is present under the \'93Wood Carbon Database\'94 tab. In this tab, a unique number (i.e., \'91unique.id\'92) of all woody tissue C data is specified beside the reference from which it was obtained. The value of the \'91reference.number\'92 corresponds to the detailed citation presented in the \'93References\'94 tab, which links the \'91reference.number\'92 with the author(s)\'92 name and publication year, title, journal, volume, issue, and pages.\
	When inputting woody tissue C data from publications into GLOWCAD, the latitude and longitude were also recorded in the database when explicitly stated in the original publication. General climate information such as mean annual temperature (MAT) and mean annual precipitation (MAP) of the study region were recorded as an average. The study regions\'92 latitude and longitude were also used to further describe its climate with WorldClim (v.2) data\super 28\nosupersub . However, when a range of geographic coordinates or a map was provided, climate data were not generated from these since averages MAT and MAP may be imprecise. We used MAT and MAP obtained from WorldClim (v.2) to label the study region\'92s dominant Whittaker biome\super 40\nosupersub , and therefore categorize the region as one of Boreal forest, Subtropical desert, Temperate grassland/desert, Temperate rain forest, Temperate seasonal forest, Tropical rain forest, Tropical seasonal forest/savanna, or Woodland/shrubland. A list containing the details collected from each publication is presented (Table 1). Bioclimatic variables and other climate data associated with each study location were retrieved from WorldClim (v.2)\super 28\nosupersub  and added alongside woody tissue C data (Table 2).\
}